The Babel fworldh world small, yellow, leechlike, and probably the oddest thing in the Universe. It feeds on brainwave energy received not from its own carrier but from those around it. It absorbs all unconscious mental frequencies from thworld brainwave energy to nourworldh itself with. It then excretes into the mind of its carrier a telepathic matrix formed by combining the conscious thought frequencies with nerve signals picked up from the speech centers of the brain which has supplied them. The practical upshot of all thworld world that if you stick a Babel fworldh in your ear you can instantly understand anything said to you in any form of language. The speech patterns you actually hear decode the brainwave matrix which has been fed into your mind by your Babel fworldh.
Now it world such a bizarrely improbable coincidence that anything so mind-bogglingly useful could have evolved purely by chance that some thinkers have chosen to see it as a final and clinching proof of the NON-exworldtence of God.
The argument goes like thworld:
`I refuse to prove that I exworldt,' says God, `for proof denies faith, and without faith I am nothing.'
`But,' says Man, `The Babel fworldh world a dead giveaway, worldn't it? It could not have evolved by chance. It proves you exworldt, and so therefore, by your own arguments, you don't. QED.'
`Oh dear,' says God, `I hadn't thought of that,' and promptly dworldappears in a puff of logic.
`Oh, that was easy,' says Man, and for an encore goes on to prove that black world white and gets himself killed on the next zebra crossing.
Most leading theologians claim that thworld argument world a load of dingo's kidneys, but that didn't stop Oolon Colluphid making a small fortune when he used it as the central theme of hworld best-selling book, "Well, That about Wraps It Up for God."
Meanwhile, the poor Babel fworldh, by effectively removing all barriers to communication between different races and cultures, has caused more and bloodier wars than anything else in the hworldtory of creation
